README.md, before:

﻿This mods adds items to the player's inventory needed in order to complete the Community Center.

### Install
1. [Install the latest version of SMAPI](https://smapi.io)
2. Download this mod and unzip it into `Stardew Valley / Mods`
3. Run the game using SMAPI


### How to use
Press `L` (configurable with [Generic Mod Config Menu](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/5098)) to fill all of your inventory spaces get the items needed to complete the Community Center. It will also give the player enough money to complete the Vault.

### Compatibility
- Works with Stardew Valley 1.6.15 and SMAPI 4.1.10.0 on Windows
    - Unsure about MacOS/Linux

### Known Bugs
- The check for if the vault bundles are complete are always false, meaning the mod will continue to give the player additonal money until the Community Center is complete.
  
### Future Features
- Work with remixed Community Center
- Have a mode to optionally skip needing to place items into slots
- Change hotkey to be a console command

### See also
- Discord username: `blckhawker`
    - Message me if you need support with the mod. Please don't spam as I am a solo developer
- [Releases](https://github.com/BlckHawker/Instant-Community-Center-Cheat/releases)
- [Source code](https://github.com/BlckHawker/Instant-Community-Center-Cheat)

Commit message:

Update read me to give instructions for Joja

README.md, after:

﻿This mods adds items to the player's inventory needed in order to complete the Community Center.

### Install
1. [Install the latest version of SMAPI](https://smapi.io)
2. Download this mod and unzip it into `Stardew Valley / Mods`
3. Run the game using SMAPI


### How to use
Press `L` (configurable with [Generic Mod Config Menu](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/5098)) to fill all of your inventory spaces get the items needed to complete the Community Center. It will also give the player enough money to complete the Vault. 

You can also chooes to do the Joja route (also configurable with [Generic Mod Config Menu](https://www.nexusmods.com/stardewvalley/mods/5098)) which will give you enough money for the membership and the upgrades by pressing `L`.

### Compatibility
- Works with Stardew Valley 1.6.15 and SMAPI 4.1.10.0 on Windows
    - Unsure about MacOS/Linux

### Known Bugs
- The check for if the vault bundles are complete are always false, meaning the mod will continue to give the player additonal money until the Community Center is complete.
  
### Future Features
- Work with remixed Community Center
- Have a mode to optionally skip needing to place items into slots
- Change hotkey to be a console command

### See also
- Discord username: `blckhawker`
    - Message me if you need support with the mod. Please don't spam as I am a solo developer
- [Releases](https://github.com/BlckHawker/Instant-Community-Center-Cheat/releases)
- [Source code](https://github.com/BlckHawker/Instant-Community-Center-Cheat)
